Mention SPIP in README (#718)
opencypher/cypher-for-apache-spark: README.md

- integration with Spark SQL
- injection of custom graph data sources

## Spark Improvement Proposal

Currently CAPS is a third party add-on to the Spark eco system. We, however, believe that property graphs and graph processing

> has the potential to be come a vital part of data analytical processes. We are thus working, in cooperation with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has the potential to be come a vital part of data analytics. We are thus working, in cooperation with 
```

*Databricks*, on making CAPS a core part of Spark. 
The first step on this road is the specification of a __PropertyGraph API__, similar to __SQL__ and __Dataframes__, along with porting

> the basic features of CAPS to the core Spark project in a so called __Spark Improvement Proposal__ (SPIP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cypher 9 features of CAPS to the core Spark project in a so called __Spark Improvement Proposal__ (SPIP).
```

Author: ```suggestion
Cypher 9 features of CAPS to the core Spark project in a so called __Spark Project Improvement Proposal__ (SPIP).
```

> the basic features of CAPS to the core Spark project in a so called __Spark Improvement Proposal__ (SPIP).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the basic features of CAPS to the core Spark project in a so called __Spark Project Improvement Proposal__ (SPIP).
```

Author: Applied through Martins suggestions

> We are currently in the first face of this process. The SPIP describing the motivation and goals is published here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently in the first phase of this process. The SPIP describing the motivation and goals is published here
```
